README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vaishnavi Padiya</h1>
<h3 align="center">Aspiring AI Engineer | Lifelong Learner | Curious Mind</h3>


- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Creating systems that Blend Empathy with Intelligence, redefining how humans and technology connect on a deeper emotional level. 🌈💡**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning ****Advanced NLP techniques** , **Multi-modal Machine Learning frameworks** , **Conversational AI tools** , And honestly…anything AI that grabs my attention!**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Exciting AI and Machine Learning projects that push boundaries, spark curiosity, and create meaningful impact!**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Unlocking the mysteries of **Conversational AI** and diving deeper into Emotional AI! Let’s explore these fields together.**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [Check out my portfolio: [**GitHub**](https://github.com/Vaish1809/Vaish1809)

- 💬 Ask me about ****AI**, **Machine Learning**, **Emotion AI**, and my adventures in **NLP and conversational models**.**

- 📫 How to reach me **Drop me a message at **vaishnavipadiya@gmail.com** or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaishnavi-padiya-91468a235/)!**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I’m obsessed with **learning something new every day**—whether it’s decoding a tough algorithm, exploring how humans think, or even just learning how to juggle!**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/vaishnavi padiya" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vaishnavi padiya" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://kaggle.com/vaishnavipadiya" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/kaggle.svg" alt="vaishnavipadiya" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.framer.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/framer/framer-icon.svg" alt="framer" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://hive.apache.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_hive/apache_hive-icon.svg" alt="hive" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=vaish1809&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="vaish1809" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vaish1809&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="vaish1809" /></p>

Commit message:

Revise README with new personal and project information
Updated personal introduction and project details in README.

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vaishnavi Padiya</h1> <h3 align="center">Aspiring SDE & AI/ML Engineer | Curious Builder | Driven Learner</h3>

🔭 I’m currently working on building intelligent systems that blend empathy with technology, focusing on real-world AI applications and scalable software solutions.

🌱 I’m currently learning Advanced NLP, Conversational AI, Multi-modal ML, while strengthening my DSA, problem-solving, and core CS fundamentals.

🎯 My goal is to grow into a strong Software Development Engineer with deep expertise in AI/ML, building products that are impactful, reliable, and human-centric.

👯 I’m looking to collaborate on AI/ML or SDE projects that challenge assumptions, push boundaries, and solve meaningful problems.

🤝 I’m looking for help with Conversational AI, Emotion AI, and understanding how intelligent systems can interact more naturally with humans.

👨‍💻 All of my projects are available here 👉 GitHub Portfolio

💬 Ask me about AI, Machine Learning, NLP, Emotion AI, or how I approach learning by building.

📫 How to reach me: vaishnavipadiya@gmail.com
 | LinkedIn

⚡ Fun fact: I love learning something new every day—from cracking algorithms to understanding how humans think and communicate.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Creating systems that Blend Empathy with Intelligence, redefining how humans and technology connect on a deeper emotional level. 🌈💡**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning ****Advanced NLP techniques** , **Multi-modal Machine Learning frameworks** , **Conversational AI tools** , And honestly…anything AI that grabs my attention!**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **Exciting AI and Machine Learning projects that push boundaries, spark curiosity, and create meaningful impact!**

- 🤝 I’m looking for help with **Unlocking the mysteries of **Conversational AI** and diving deeper into Emotional AI! Let’s explore these fields together.**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [Check out my portfolio: [**GitHub**](https://github.com/Vaish1809/Vaish1809)
- 
-  Check out my portfolio at  - [**Vaishnavi Padiya Portfolio] (https://vaishnavipadiya.vercel.app/)

- 💬 Ask me about ****AI**, **Machine Learning**, **Emotion AI**, and my adventures in **NLP and conversational models**.**

- 📫 How to reach me **Drop me a message at **vaishnavipadiya@gmail.com** or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaishnavi-padiya-91468a235/)!**

- ⚡ Fun fact **I’m obsessed with **learning something new every day**—whether it’s decoding a tough algorithm, exploring how humans think, or even just learning how to juggle!**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/vaishnavi padiya" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vaishnavi padiya" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://kaggle.com/vaishnavipadiya" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/kaggle.svg" alt="vaishnavipadiya" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.arduino.cc/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/arduino-1.svg" alt="arduino" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://dart.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/dartlang/dartlang-icon.svg" alt="dart" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://flutter.dev" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/flutterio/flutterio-icon.svg" alt="flutter" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.framer.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/framer/framer-icon.svg" alt="framer" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://hive.apache.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_hive/apache_hive-icon.svg" alt="hive" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=vaish1809&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="vaish1809" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=vaish1809&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="vaish1809" /></p>
